Gl 1929 optimus sn rna exon counts (#626)
broadinstitute/warp: pipelines/skylab/smartseq2_single_sample/SmartSeq2SingleSample.changelog.md

# 5.1.8
2022-02-25 (Date of Last Commit)

> * Updated LoomUtils.wdl to and added a task in Optimus pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated LoomUtils.wdl for a task in the Optimus pipeline. This change does not affect the SmartSeq2SingleSample pipeline.
```
